+++
date = "2017-04-01"
title = "Speakers"
aliases = [
  "/speakers"
  ]
+++

![Presentations](/img/icons/presentations.png)


## Matt Arnold {#Matt-Arnold}[DNS Unbound](/schedule/talks#DNS-Unbound)

Matt Arnold is a Unix Enthusiast who has tried just about every free Unix or Linux system in existence. He was previously a package maintainer in Debian and Slackware. He finds talking about himself in the third person to be goofy.

## M. Carlton {#M.-Carlton}[Insecure Design Patterns in IoT](/schedule/talks#Insecure-Design-Patterns-in-IoT)

M. Carlton heads the Senrio research team, focusing on product security and development. She brings strong embedded device research capabilities to the team. After graduating from MIT, she worked as a software security analyst in the DC area. Most recently, she was conducting embedded device security research at Draper Laboratory in Massachusetts before joining the Senrio team.


## Sean Cassidy {#Sean-Cassidy}[Attacking Modern SaaS Companies](/schedule/talks#Attacking-Modern-SaaS-Companies)

Sean is and RIT alum and the CTO of DefenseStorm, a next gen SIEM for cloud and on-premise networks. When he's not knee-deep thinking of cool stuff to add to his product, he likes to do security talks at conferences like this one. Last year, he debuted the LostPass phishing attack against LastPass and discussed common crypto vulnerabilities in single sign-on implementations.


## Nick Collisson {#Nick-Collisson}[Reverse Engineering Techniques for Game Hacking](/schedule/talks#Reverse-Engineering-Techniques-for-Game-Hacking)

Nick Collisson is a Security Consultant with NCC Group, a global information assurance specialist providing organizations with expert security consulting services. Nick has been with NCC Group for about two years, working primarily from New York City. Nick has performed security research in the following areas: web application security and C++ reverse engineering.


## Adam Dean {#Adam-Dean}[Real Security Incidents, Unusual Situations](/schedule/talks#Real-Security-Incidents-Unusual-Situations)

Adam Dean is a Security Specialist at GreyCastle Security. Adam is a graduate of the University of Advancing Technology with a Bachelor’s degree in Technology Forensics. Adam has experience identifying, containing, eradicating and recovering from computer security incidents ranging from malware based infections to malicious insiders. 

## Reg Harnish {#Reg-Harnish}[Breaking is Bad: Why Everyone at This Conference Will be Unemployed](/schedule/talks#Breaking-is-Bad)

Reg Harnish is an entrepreneur, speaker, author and the CEO for GreyCastle Security, a leading cybersecurity consulting firm headquartered in Troy, NY.

Reg has been practicing security for nearly two decades, specializing in
security solutions for healthcare, higher education, critical infrastructure
and other industries. Reg's security expertise ranges from risk management
and incident response to regulatory compliance and awareness. Reg brings a
thought-provoking perspective to the industry and strives to promote
awareness, security ""thinking"" and practical application of security
fundamentals.

As the CEO for GreyCastle Security, Reg is responsible for defining and
executing the company's vision. Reg has led the organization to four
consecutive years of triple-digit growth while establishing GreyCastle
Security as a highly-respected thought leader. GreyCastle Security is
currently working with organizations in nearly every state in the United
States, including Fortune 5000 and Global 100 organizations.

Reg attended Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and has achieved numerous
security and industry certifications, including CISSP, CISM, CISA and ITIL.
Reg has achieved various physical security certifications, including
firearms instruction and personal protection. Reg is a graduate of the FBI
Citizens Academy.

Reg is a fellow of the National Cybersecurity Institute, a cybersecurity
educational institution located in Washington, DC. Reg serves on numerous
security association boards and is currently an advisor to several
educational institutions focused on cybersecurity.

Reg is a nationally-recognized speaker and has presented at countless
industry events, including BSides, ISSA, ISC2, ISACA, ASIS, DHS and
InfraGard. In 2017, Reg was named cybersecurity consultant of the year for all of North America by the Cybersecurity Excellence Awards. Reg's successes have been featured in leading industry journals, including Software Magazine, ComputerWorld and InfoWorld. Reg is a contributor to numerous security publications and has co-authored several books on cybersecurity awareness.


## Dave Kukfa {#Dave-Kukfa}[The Hardest CTF I've Ever Done: My Experiences Reverse Engineering an MMORPG](/schedule/talks#The-Hardest-CTF-I've-Ever-Done:-My-Experiences-Reverse-Engineering-an-MMORPG)

Dave Kukfa is a graduating senior in RIT's Computing Security program, who is interested in application security and reverse engineering. In his free time, he enjoys participating in bug bounties and staring at disassembler output for hours on end.

## D. Joe {#d-joe}[How Bad Is My DIY Password Manager?](/schedule/talks#How-Bad-Is-My-DIY-Password-Manager)

A non-practicing academic chemist with a decades-long delusion of IT usefulness, Joe splits his waking hours amongst duties as a homemaker, intermittent Interlockarian and RIT adjunct faculty. "If I can't fork it, it's not my revolution."


## Price McDonald and Justin Berry {#Price-McDonald-and-Justin-Berry}[Insecure Obsolete and Trivial: The Real IOT](/schedule/talks#Insecure-Obsolete-and-Trivial-The-Real-IOT)

Price McDonald is a Director with Coalfire Labs and is responsible for managing a team of Penetration Testers in addition to conducting penetration tests against his clients networks, software and hardware.  After hours and on the weekends Price enjoys breaking hardware, cars, and competitive shooting.   By day, Justin Berry works as a senior security consultant at Coalfire Labs where he does things and other stuff, but by night, he's been referred to as a metal-head drinker with a hacking problem. While not undermining "secure" corporate networks and applications, Justin enjoys a nice, relaxing game of 8-ball, long walks on the beach, etc. Managers hate him because he rarely shows up on time and still slays it. This is what it’s like when worlds collide.


## Matt Metzger {#Matt-Metzger}[Defeating Application Defenses Through XSS](/schedule/talks#Defeating-application-defenses-through-XSS)

Matt Metzger's passion for application security started as a hobby poking around in places he shouldn't and responsibly disclosing application vulnerabilities. Somehow that segued into a career building e-commerce applications, automated testing frameworks, and everything in between. He is currently an Application Security Engineer at PhishMe.


## Justin Moore {#Justin-Moore}[Decoder Improved: An Improved Burp Suite Decoder](/schedule/talks#Decoder-Improved:-An-Improved-Burp-Suite-Decoder)

Justin Moore works for NCC Group as a Security Consultant. He hacks things and does stuff, sometimes it's the other way around.


## Mo Morsi and Mark Scrano{#Mo-Morsi}[The Guild: The Rise and Fall of Syracuse's Hackerspace](/schedule/talks#The-Guild:-The-Rise-and-Fall-of-Syracuse's-Hackerspace)

Mo Morsi, a software engineer by trade, was the cofounder and original VP of the Syracuse Innovators Guild. He enjoys all things [nerd], especially parallel algorithms, audio engineering, and game development.

Mark Scrano is currently working as a security engineer for Vimeo the online video player and creator platform. He worked previously as a security engineer for itBit, a NYC based bitcoin exchange. He helped co-found the Syracuse bitcoin meetup and volunteered for many years as the vice president of the Syracuse Innovators Guild. Currently he is involved in several clubs including OWASP, Bear bait radio club, ARRL, and is an active supporter of the EFF.



## Russell Mosley & Ryan St. Germain {#Russell-Mosley-&-Ryan-St.-Germain}[Robust Defense For The Rest of Us](/schedule/talks#Robust-Defense-for-the-rest-of-us)

Russell is an Infrastructure & Security Director for a small software and services company in the DC area, BSides Charm (Baltimore) organizer, and collector of IT and security certifications with almost 20 years of experience.  Ryan is a Senior InfoSec Engineer who enjoys reading packets in his spare time.


## Rob Olson and Chaim Sanders {#Rob-Olson-and-Chaim-Sanders}[Whose Idea Was That? Comparing Security Curriculums and Accreditations to Industry Needs](/schedule/talks#Whose-idea-was-that-Comparing-Security-curriculums-and-accreditations-to-industry-needs)

Robert Olson is currently a lecturer at the Rochester Institute of Technology, where he teaches courses in programming, mobile security, and web application security. In a prior life, he developed courses in the fundamentals of information security, penetration testing, and exploit development as a lecturer at the State University of New York at Fredonia. He holds a Masters of Science in Interdisciplinary Studies (Cognitive Science), a Masters of Science in Management Information Systems, along with some industry certifications (CEH, CISSP, OSCP). When not doing cybery things, he enjoys studying machine learning, catching Pokemon, and bumming around Twitter (@nerdprof).

Chaim Sanders is a professional security researcher, lecturer, and tall person. When he is not busy being overly cynical about the state of computing security, he teaches for the computing security department at the Rochester Institute of Technology. His areas of interest include eating food bathed in butter and web security. Lately, his research has been focused around defensive web technologies. Chaim’s sarcasm driven approach to security provides a unique vantage point that helps him to contribute to several Open Source projects including ModSecurity. He also serves as the project leader for the OWASP Core Rule Set (CRS) project.


## Duncan Sparrell {#Duncan-Sparrell}[Responding to Cyber Attack at Machine Speed](/schedule/talks#Responding-to-Cyber-Attack-at-Machine-Speed)

Duncan Sparrell is a seasoned (aka old) software developer and network security evangelist. He graduated back when computers were the size of buildings and programmed with punch cards. He is semi-retired and trying to give back to the community while pursuing his interests in cloud security, agile, secure software development, and erlang. Most of his cyber experience is blue team (defense) but he kick-started his cyber chops as part of a CNA (offense) team during first Gulf War. Besides having various certs (CSSIP, CSSLP, CCSK, PE), he was awarded the Intelligence Community Seal Medallion, and the AT&T Science and Technology Medal. His PGP fingerprint is "A870 5F67 00F9 D3FC ECD1 2D97 2A42 E870 6A4E EC12", his twitter handle is @dsparrell, his peerlyst handle is sFractal, and his github handle is sparrell.


## Jon Szymaniak {#Jon-Szymaniak}[Get Low (To all STC STC STC STC)](/schedule/talks#Get-Low-(To-all-STC-STC-STC-STC))

Jon Szymaniak is a security consultant who lives for embedded systems and punk rock. Buy him a scotch and he'll talk your ear off about these things. Buy him a few and maybe he'll stop.


## Joe Testa {#Joe-Testa}[Problems With Elliptic Curves In TLS and SSH](/schedule/talks#Problems-With-Elliptic-Curves-In-TLS-and-SSH)

Joe Testa is co-founder of Positron Security, a Rochester-based computer security company, and is a current board member and treasurer of Security B-Sides Rochester Inc. (a 501(c)(3) charity responsible for BSidesROC). He specializes in penetration testing, exploit development, social engineering, and server & network hardening. Prior to co-founding the company, he excelled as a security researcher and vulnerability test programmer for Rapid7. Testa holds a Master of Science degree in Computer Security and Information Assurance from the Rochester Institute of Technology, along with a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology and Computer Science from the University of Maryland at College Park. He also likes to mist things. 


## Valerie Thomas {#Valerie-Thomas}[How I Broke Into Your Datacenter](/schedule/talks#How-I-Broke-Into-Your-Datacenter)

Valerie Thomas is an Executive Information Security Consultant for Securicon LLC that specializes in social engineering and physical penetration testing. After obtaining her bachelor’s degree in Electronic Engineering, Valerie led information security assessments for the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) before joining private industry. Her unique Defense and civilian background provides her with a solid understanding of intrusion detection, data loss prevention, and endpoint (in)security. Her electronic and RFID training became a crucial element of her physical security specialization. While some choose to focus on cyber or physical security, she has chosen to exploit the weaknesses of the combination of the two. 


## Claire Tills {#Claire-Tills}[Data Breach Response: Why Communication Fails](/schedule/talks#Data-Breach-Response:-Why-Communication-Fails)

Claire Tills is a doctoral fellow at the University of Maryland studying public relations and crisis communication. Her research explores how organizations respond to information security crises and how those responses can be improved.


## Kevin W. Wall {#Kevin-W.-Wall}[Common Developer Crypto Mistakes (with illustrations in Java)](/schedule/talks#Common-Developer-Crypto-Mistakes-(with-illustrations-in-Java))

Kevin Wall has been involved in application security for the past 15+ years, but he still considers himself a developer first and an appsec engineer second.  During most of those 15+ years, Kevin has specialized in applied cryptography and web appsec. Before transitioning to appsec, Kevin spent 17 years at (now Nokia, then AT&T) Bell Labs, leaving there as a DMTS in 1996 to become an independent consultant in C++ and Java. Kevin became involved in the OWASP Enterprise Security API (ESAPI) project in early fall of 2009, and after redesigning and rewriting all the symmetric cryptography related classes, he somehow found himself "elected" as co-project lead of ESAPI in 2011. Kevin also spent from 2000-2007 as an adjunct faculty member on the Franklin University CS staff where he taught Distributed Operating Systems and Computer Security. Kevin has been working on the Wells Fargo Secure Code Review team for just over of 3 years; he figures it is about as close to code as any company will let him get, which is why he stays active in the development of ESAPI. When Kevin is not around code, he waxes eloquently on 3-4 page TL;DR discourses that he posts various mailing lists or hangs out with other dinosaur friends at local watering holes discussing appsec, coding, sports, and quantum physics.


## Jason Woodson {#Jason-Woodson}[Systematic Network Security Troubleshooting (pcaps or get out)](/schedule/talks#Systematic-Network-Security-Troubleshooting-(pcaps-or-gtfo))

Jason Woodson is a network security engineer currently with NTT Security, with 14 years in the industry. Having spent the last decade in the MSSP space, he has faced unique network security challenges with enterprises around the world. He lives in Irondequoit.


## Tyler Wrightson {#Tyler-Wrightson}[Here We Go Again - A PenTester's Year in Review](/schedule/talks#Here-We-Go-Again---A-PenTester's-Year-in-Review)

Tyler Wrightson, Alphabet Soup, is the author of Advanced Persistent Threat Hacking and Wireless Network Security: A Beginner's Guide. Tyler is the founder and president of Leet Systems, which helps organizations solve the hacker problem, by focusing on technical challenges.  LeetSystems focuses on offensive security services such as Penetration Testing and Red Teaming to secure organizations against real world attackers. Tyler has over Fifteen years experience in the IT security field across many industries including healthcare and financial services with extensive experience in many areas of technical security including networking, systems architecture, offensive security and penetration testing. Tyler holds industry certifications such CISSP, CCSP, CCNA, CCDA, and MCSE. Tyler has also taught classes for CCNA certification, wireless security, network security, and penetration testing. He has been a frequent speaker at industry conferences including NYS CyberSecurity Conference, Derbycon, BSides, Rochester Security Summit, ISACA, ISSA, and others. Follow his security blog at http://blog.leetsys.com. 


## Ernest Y. Wong {#Ernest-Y.-Wong}[It’s Time to Innovate for Cyber Defense (How to Out-Hack the Cyber Cracker)](/schedule/talks#It’s-Time-to-Innovate-for-Cyber-Defense-(How-to-Out-Hack-the-Cyber-Cracker))

Lieutenant Colonel Ernest Y. Wong is a Military Intelligence Officer in the U.S. Army who is currently serving both as the Chief of Staff at the Army Cyber Institute and as an Assistant Professor with the Department of Systems Engineering at West Point. He graduated from the United States Military Academy with a B.S. in economics, and he holds a M.S. in management science and engineering from Stanford University, a M.A. in education from Stanford University, and a Master of Military Science from the Mubarak al-Abdullah Joint Command and Staff College in Kuwait. He had the opportunity to work as a NASA Summer Faculty Fellow and has served in overseas deployments to Iraq, Kuwait, and the Republic of Korea. His research interests include disruptive innovations, cyber resiliency, and the application of systems engineering tools for resolving complex real-world problems.


